Are you free tonight?
Called from you, now
I’m clad in my favorite musk
and my sweet secrets.
I’ve been waiting…
This weekend night!!
I’ll make this night my own,
with everything I have.
My libido is overflowing.
Ah, how I love that urge.
Well then, just watch as my last resort becomes the fast track to success.
"Ahh… I might be a little drunk"
I see through it all.
Don’t show me some facade of composure.
I see the true nature of it all.
Let me do as I please.
Come on, hurry, take me along.
Close enough that our eyelashes could almost touch,
I’ll steal even your thoughts and figure you out.
It seems like I’ve said
more than I needed to.
Please shut these sighing lips
with a kiss.
I just Gimme×Gimme
Don’t think
about unnecessary things.
Right now, let’s just dance.
Shabadabada Dubidubidu
Like the end credits of a movie,
the marks on my back piled up and increased in number.
Drunk and pretending not to sober up,
night comes upon us from a good evening.
It’s perfect when it’s just not enough…
Don’t say such mean things!
It’s still not enough—this is pure love.
Let me do as I please.
Come on, hurry, take me along.
Close enough that you could almost melt from the heat,
I’ll steal even your thoughts and pierce right through you.
It seems like I’ve said
more than I needed to.
I’ll plug my ears
with your sighing lips.
Stop this moment
and our breath.
Fill the hole in my burning heart.
Give me a reason to be here.
I don’t care about the future,
just look at me right now!
I just Wanna×Wanna
Let me do as I please.
Come on, hurry, take me along.
Close enough that our eyelashes could almost touch,
I’ll steal even your thoughts and figure you out.
It seems like I’ve said
more than I needed to.
Please shut these sighing lips
with a kiss.
Colored vibrantly,
as if to light up this world.
Until I’ve had my fill of body heat,
please shut these sighing lips
with a kiss.
don't want to go home
but I have to
because he comes home
Maybe next time